well we begin with breaking news from
Gaza where the death toll is rising
quickly after Israel launched a new
military operation in the city of Kan
yunes at least 27 Palestinians have now
been killed dozens more wounded taken to
hospital people say they were given no
time to find safety Israeli forces
started to bomb the area just moments
after an evacuation order was
issued and in the last hour a tent being
used by journalists just outside the
alaka Hospital in der Al Bala has also
been hit by an Israeli drone strike we
understand at least one person has been
killed there hodari has more on that
latest Israeli attack on KH unit for
us people even barely had the time
to acknowledge the fact that they need
to evacuate they were sleeping it's in
the early hours of the morning then they
heard that there is evacuation then the
artillery started chelling the
Palestinians and in less than a couple
of hours we're talking about 2 hours 27
Palestinians have been killed including
children and women and not only that
they're evacuating right now Under Fire
they did not have time to even take or
collect any of their belongings they're
literally trying to save their lives and
not only that they're surrounded by fire
artillery shelling and and air strikes
Palestinians who are in that area H went
back to their houses after the Israeli
forces made a ground Invasion to that
area for at least uh 3 months and not
only that uh it's it's it's very
horrifying because even Salah brout is
also in danger zone so according to
eyewitnesses people are coming in the
Eastern parts of some of them are even
Barefoot they do not have anything with
them and they're running from the amount
of fire civil defense Crews were also
targeted according to the paramedics
they said that there are areas they
could not reach and this is why we're
expecting the death tole to rise if this
happened like in seconds and minutes and
people barely have the time to evacuate
or to even uh collect anything to cope
with their lives after this evacuation
order Palestinians are devastated we're
seeing people arriving from kenun right
now but all of them are terrified and
they do not have any place to go to well
we can now I'll speak to hin kodari for
all the latest she's there in der Al
Bala in central Gaza hind I understand
that attack on that tent that we saw
just outside the alaka hospital where
you are you literally felt the impact of
that what exactly
happened well we were sitting on like
sitting waiting for our live shot and
suddenly we heard a huge explosion some
of our colleagues uh actually fell on
the ground we did not even realize that
this was inside the hospital then people
started screaming we're talking about a
place that has thousands of displac
Palestinians and then we saw fire
erupted in uh smoke then we realized
that this target was inside the hospital
where one Palestinian was killed and
three others were injured but it's
obviously an Israeli drone H strike and
that's why it was a small strike but
this is not the first time the Israeli
forces Target tent inside Al AA hospital
this happened a couple of months ago
where also a number of Palestinian were
killed and others were injured we're
talking about this place this is not
only a hospital but this is a place that
people are seeking refuge in all of the
tents are closed to each other people
are still trying to put down the fire
till this moment and everyone is
terrified they're taking this place as a
refuge for 9 months now they don't know
where to to go there's no place to go
after this strike they don't know if
this strike is a warning for them to
leave what should they do should they
stay but again there's no guarantee that
there's any place safe across the Gaza
Strip like our team and I were
discussing if we leave is there any
other safe place to go to but
unfortunately no every single place
across the Gaza Strip is a Target and
there's a huge possibility that anywhere
we go there will be targets and airri
surrounding us everyone's terrified to
be honest we're talking about children
that were playing in this
back like backyard of the hospital and
also the tent is in the entrance of Al
AA hospital where cars are entering uh
to to the hospital very close to where
it's targeted everyone's terrified it
was terrifying to be honest but thanks
God everyone is safe from our team and
all uh the other journalists are also
safe well hind we are very relieved to
know that you and the team are indeed
safe hin kodari there describing
literally what's happened just in the
last hour or so in the vicinity of the
al- AXA Hospital in der albala for us
thank you very much
H make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jaaz